If you're watching this video, you're probably thinking about building
your business's brand awareness and wondering if you can add
your business name to your e-mail address provided by Microsoft
365.
Yes, you can.
A branded e-mail uses your company's domain name in the
e-mail address and helps customers connect easily with your business.
A branded e-mail address provides an e-mail with your business
name that's professional and easy to remember, credibility and trustworthiness
in your business communications, and improved discoverability of your website,
which shares the same address.
Start by getting a business domain or connecting a domain
you already own to Microsoft 365.
Then set up e-mail addresses for the rest of your
team.
If you need to move your emails, we can help
you with that.
Microsoft is here to get you up and running, guiding
you with helpful content and experts ready to assist you
step by step to get the most value from your
subscription.